 

 

 

 

Alex Ashby ACIS 

 

  

Work Experience  

 

Flat 17 Repton House,  
 
London E4 9AE 
 
Mobile: 07981282322 
 

Awashby1@hotmail.co.uk  

 

May 

2015 to 

Present 

Sep 

2013 to 

April 

2015  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  

March 

2011 to 

April 

2015  

Capita Company Secretarial Services, London 

Assistant Consultant 

• 

• 

Board  support  including  preparing  Board  papers,  attending  Board  meeting, 

Committee  meetings  and  AGMs  to  take  minutes  and  provide  corporate 

governance updates 

Provide  Company  secretarial  services  to  external  client  companies  (Listed, 

Private and Overseas Companies) and to Capita  Group Companies.  

•  Assist with the production of the Annual Report and Accounts and the Notice of 

Annual General Meeting.  Help with organisation of Annual General Meetings. 

•  Day  to  day  responsibilities  include  statutory  and  regulatory  compliance  and 

supporting corporate transactions and board processes 

•  Compliance  tasks  include  RNS  announcements,  Companies House  filings  and 

incorporations and maintaining registers 

•  Assist in business development opportunities 
•  Develop technical knowledge and practical capabilities through attendance  at 

internal and external events including presenting technical updates. 

 

Law Debenture Corporation plc, London 

 
Junior Executive, LawDeb Pension Trustees 
 

•  Work with a number of Pension schemes across various sectors, including               
consumer products, logistics, financial, media and telecommunications; 
 

•  Trustee Effectiveness Projects. Worked on a variety of projecting designing             
online tools, providing analysis, written and presented reports as well as                 

facilitating a discussions of the results. 

 

•  Attend regular up to date external training for my department from lawyers,           
auditors, asset managers and actuaries. Compl eted Trustee Toolkit training. 
 

•  Cover scheme secretary. Prepare meeting packs for trustee board meetings. 
 
•  Monitor industry developments, case law and legislation developments and             
government policy changes.  Provide updates to the team on legislation.  
 

Prepare proposal documents and presentations for board evaluation and                 

• 
trustee effectiveness projects 
 

•  Responsible for writing and delivering e-marketing newsletter for client 
 
  

Analyst, Law Debenture Governance Services  

 

•  Worked on a variety of Board evaluation projects including for a number of             
FTSE 250 companies. Involves designing survey questions, co-ordinating with         

board members and company secretary, analysing results and interviews and         

producing final reports to board members.   
 

•  Monitored industry and competitor activity, corporate governance updates 
and       government policy changes to evaluate the impact on clients and identify               

opportunities and risks  
 

Started and  research projects into governance within FTSE 350 firms 
 

• 
•  Created online tool for measuring and benchmarking risk culture 
 
  

Oct 

2010  to  

March 

2011  

Legal Services Commission, London 

 

Caseworker in the Land Charges Department - Responsible for resolving written 

complaints and enquiries from recipients of Legal Aid with charges placed on their 

property. Liaised with conveyancing solicitors prior to transfers of proprietorship or 

equity. 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

March 

to Sep 

2009  
   
  
  

 

 

ACAS (Advisory, Arbitration  and Conciliatory Service), London 

 

Admin for Conciliation team – Included allocating of claimant cases, data inputting via 

paradox, handled incoming and outgoing correspondence. Liaised closely with 

employment tribunals, answered queries from both parties involved in the cas es and 

managed the transfer of cases between conciliators. 
 

  

Nov 08 

Legal Services Commission, London 

 

Database Admin - Involved using a variety of systems including Groupwise, Excel, 

Access and Oracle. Liaised with solicitor’s to help them resolve any problems relating 

to submissions. 
 

AMR International Consultants, London 
 

Freelance Consultant – Worked on a project providing commercial due diligence. 
 

Moore Blatch Solicitors, Southampton 
 

Admin Assistant 
 

to Feb 

09  
  

Sep 08   
  

Aug 07 

to  

Feb 08  
 

 
Education 
 

 2016 

 

2012 

to2015  
  

2009 

to2010  
  
   
  

 ACIS – Achieved Chartered Status  

 

ICSA CSQS – All modules completed all first time passes including 1 distinction and 1 

Merit. All completed through self-study. 

 

 

Msc Public Policy at University College London (UCL).  

 

Modules Taken: Research Methods, Law and Regulation, Public Management Theories, 

Parties+ Parliament and Policy Making, Theories and Actors of the Policy Process, Public 

Policy Economic Analysis. 
 

  

2004 

2007  

to 

BSc (Hons) 2.1 degree in Economics, Politics and International Studies at the 

University of Warwick 
 

3rd year:  Making of Economic Policy, The British Economy in the 20 th Century, Governing 

Britain, and International Economic Systems.   
 

2nd year:  Theories of International Relations, Politics of Contemporary China, Economics 

2, Economic Statistics and Econometrics. 
 

1st year:  Economics 1, Learning French (Lower Intermediate), World Politics, Introduction 

to Politics, M athematical and Statistical Techniques  
 

  

1997 

to  

Bishop Wordworth’s School, Salisbury, Wiltshire 

 

2004  

 

•  4 GCE A-Levels:  Economics (A), History (A), Politics (A), M athematics (C)  
 
•  1 GCE General Studies (A) 
 
• 

 9 GCSEs:  3 (A*), 5 (A) & 1(B) 
 

IT Skills and languages 

 

Extra-curricular activities 
 

Personal Details 
 

 

 

• Microsoft Office:  Word, Excel, PowerPoint 
 
• Blueprint, Boardpad, Board IQ, RNS
• French (lower intermediate) 
 
• Chinese (beginner) 
 

 

• Foreign languages – Currently learning 
Mandarin Lower Intermediate level 
 

• Travelling – Progressed half way to joining 
the Traveller's Century Club 
 

• Sports - Running, Football, Squash. Keen 
watcher of a variety of sports. 
 

• British passport holder 
 
• Clean UK driving licence 
 

 

 

