 

: Lee Tze Choong 
: Block 142, Tao Payoh Lorong 2, #29-172, 310142, Singapore 
: 24 September 1986 
: Malaysian 
: +65 9168 9686 
: Lee_T_Choong@hotmail.com 

 
 
Personal Particulars 
 
Name 
Residential address 
Date of Birth 
Nationality 
Mobile No. 
E-mail Address 
 
 
Career Objectives 
 
To pursue a position in a challenging and healthy work environment with an opportunity for 
career advancement. Ideally, in an organization that value employees’ experience, opinions 
and contributions to the overall well-being of the firm. 
 
 
Professional Profiles 
− 

 
Team  flexible  and  adaptable  contributor,  good  at  multi-tasking,  meeting  deadline  and 
thriving in a fast-paced environment. 
Innovative,  self-motivated  team  builder  who  is  able  to  work  independently  when 
required. 

−  Good at managing team members, which include providing guidance and constructive 

− 

−  Maintain  healthy  professional 

relationships  with  clients,  colleagues  and 

top 

feedbacks. 

managements. 

−  Good interpersonal skills with fine analytical and writing skills. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

1 

 
Professional Experience 
 
KPMG LLP, Singapore (July 2014 – Present) 
Audit Manager  
−  Managing audit portfolios in various industries such as real estate development, education, 

media broadcast and trading. 

−  Coordinate audit of multinational corporations with overseas counterparts. 
−  Provide technical accounting advisory to client. 
−  Arrange and lead meetings with client’s key management. 
−  Developed and implemented a client service plan for the engagement. 
−  Preparing engagement budget and improving profitability of the engagement. 

 

Ernst & Young, KL (March 2010 – April 2014) 
Audit Assistant Manager 
−  Senior-in-charge  of  audit  engagements 

industries  such  as  real  estate 
development,  investment  holding,  media  and  advertisement,  manufacturing,  trading  and 
infrastructure, 

in  various 

Leading, monitor and provide on-job trainings to the subordinates. 

−  Planning and executing audit team activities to meet objectives within tight deadlines 
− 
−  Review  of  consolidated  financial  statements  and  draft  management  letter.  Management 
letter includes weaknesses identified, potential impact and the recommendation for remedial 
actions. 
Interview  key  management  of  various  companies  including  multinational  companies  to 
understand their business overview. 

−  Analyse  financial  data  (including  past  trends)  and  review  the  financial/future  cashflow 

− 

projections. 

−  Review  of  audit  files  and  working  papers  prepared  by  subordinates.  Provide  constructive 

comments for improvements/maintain the quality of audit services provided. 

−  Assisting directors/senior managers as a medium of communication with client and the firm.  
−  Maintains  good  rapport  with  the  senior  personnel  of  the  client  companies  within  my 

assigned engagements. 

 

Lim Su Chung & Co (November 2008 – December 2008) 
Vacation Trainee 
−  Assisted in the provision of accounting services including keying inputs into basic general 

ledgers, subledgers, and payroll. 

 
 
Qualifications 
 
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) 
Subject 
 
 
                                      Taxation (P6) and Advanced Audit & Assurance (P7). 
Status  

:  Tax (F6), Audit & Assurance (F8), Professional Accountant (P1) 
   Corporate Reporting (P2), Business Analysis (P3), Advanced  

:  Final paper - Advanced Audit & Assurance (P7). 
 

   

 
 

 

 

2 

:  Bachelor of Arts (Hons)   
:  2nd Lower Class 
:  Accounting and Finance 
:  2009 BDO Binder Prize Award for Financial Accounting Theory   

:  Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM) 
:  1 
:  Science 

Qualifications (contd.) 
 
Oxford Brookes University (UK) / Nilai University College : 2004-2008  
(Graduation Date:  September 2008) 
Qualification   
Grade  
 
Major   
 
Award  
 
 
SM Lok Yuk, Kota Kinabalu, Sabah : 1999-2003 
 Qualification  
 Grade  
 
 Subject 
 
 
 
Extra Co – Curricular Activities & Hobbies 
 
−  Badminton, Basketball, Gym and Travelling.  
 
 
Language Proficiencies 
Speaking 
Language 
Proficiency 
High 
High 
High 

Writing 
Proficiency 
High 
High 
Low 

English 
Malay 
Chinese (Mandarin) 

 

Reading  
Proficiency 
High 
High 
Low 

 
 
 
 
 

 

3 

