SZETO Kwun Wai, Catherine 

Contact: 9285 4152 

catherine.kw.szeto@gmail.com 

Professional Summary  

 
  Qualified accountant with comprehensive experiences in auditing of top-tier banking, insurance, 

asset management, Hong Kong and China listed companies.  

  Strong technical skills in Microsoft excel and analytical skills. 
  Proven ability to work under pressure and meeting deadlines. 
  Exceptional communication skills with fluency in English, Mandarin and Cantonese. 
  Leadership experiences in team size up to 8 members 

 
Education and Professional Qualifications: 

  Lingnan University Bachelor of Business Administration (Hons) 

                      Bachelor of Business Administration (Hons) Accounting Stream 

 
 

 

Sep 2007 – June 2010 

  Member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (CPA) 
  Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialists (CAMS) 

Since 2014 
Since 2016 
 
 
 
Jul 2014 – Dec 2016 
 
  Met  and  liaised  with  senior  management  and  directors  to  understand  and  discuss  business  and 

 
Work Experience: 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Hong Kong 
Senior Associate Year 3 - Financial Services (Higher Performer) 
Managerial experience: 

regulatory updates.   

  Prepared reports including budgeting costs and planning team structures; reviewed prior year audit 

approach and performed interim activities for final audit.  

  Supervised the performance of team members; monitored audit progress and deadlines. 

 
  Private equity funds  

  Performed review of various private equity funds audit with AUM over US$2b under US GAAP. 
  Reviewed  the  value of  level  3  unlisted  equity  investments  as  at  year  ended  by  understanding, 
analyzing  and  assessing  their  investment  background,  invested  shares  and  capital  and 
management’s valuation. 

  Evaluated  the  liquidity  risk  for  unlisted  investment  by  performing  research  on  their  litigation 
position, reading news published by independent third parties and discussing with management.  
  Led a team of 3 to review the Limited Partnership Agreement, re-performed the management fees 

and performance fees and re-calculated the organizational costs capitalized permitted.  
 

 

 

  Hedge funds 

  Performed  valuation  review  for  various  listed  and  unlisted  equity  investment,  debt  securities, 
exchange traded funds from level 1 to 3 investments and their leveling transfer according to IFRS.  
  Analyzed the market competitive, regulatory and macro-economic environment in HK, Mainland, 

Asia-Pacific and Cayman Island. 

  Evaluated the risk clients faced on terms of market, currency, credit, regulatory, leverage and its 

investment strategy. 

 

 

Page 1 of 2 

Work Experience (Continued): 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Hong Kong (Continued) 
Senior Associate Year 3 - Financial Services (Higher Performer) 
  Fidelity Investment Funds; & 
  Franklin Templeton MPF Investment Funds 

 
Jul 2014 – Dec 2016 

  Acted as manager-in-charge in performing audit and assurance services for two Top-10 Hong Kong 
MPF Funds according to Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes (General) Regulation, SFC Code of 
Unit Trust and Mutual Fund, HKFRS and other regulations.  

 

  Lead  meetings  with  Department  Heads  in  Hong  Kong,  Singapore  and  Australia  on  cash  and 
investment  reconciliation  cycle,  investment  purchase  and  sales  cycle,  share  subscription  and 
redemption cycle, NAV reporting cycle and investment restriction control cycle.  

  Designed and performed procedures to ensure proper accounting and other records were kept in 
respect  of  the  Approved  Pooled  Investment  Funds’  assets  and  all  financial  transactions  were 
entered appropriately.  

 
  Audit engagement to bit  

  Acted as manager-in-charge in preparing audit engagement proposal for a newly set-up private 

equity fund.  

  Assisted Engagement Leader in providing high level assessment of accounting choices in view of 
consolidation  or  “fair  value”  consideration  under  IFRS  or  US  GAAP,  preparing  illustrative 
financial statements to demonstrate their differences and advising on the appropriateness of the 
adoption.  

  Participated in initial meeting with Partner and Principal in private equity fund and Engagement 
Leader  in  Audit  and  Assurance,  Hong  Kong  Taxation  and  PRC  Taxation  practices  to  discuss 
business plans, investment strategies and regulatory challenges.  

  Coordinated with internal taxation department and prepared audit proposal to potential client.  

 

 

 
MAZARS CPA Limited 
Senior I 
  Unity Investments Holding Limited (HKEx 913) 

Reason for leaving: Voluntary resignation, to explore industrial experience; Final salary: HK$50,507   
 
 
Jan 2014 – Jul 2014 
 
 

  Performed review on existence, valuation and classification on investment portfolio hold. 
  Identified and resolve accounting issues, drafted consolidated financial statements in comply with 

the HKFRS and Listing Rules. 

 
SHINGWING (HK) CPA Limited 
Staff Accountant II 
  China National Materials Company Limited (HKEx 1893); & 
  Shun Cheong Holding Limited (HKEx 650) 

Reason for leaving: Received Big 4 offer   
 
 
Oct 2012 – Jan 2014 
 
 
  Performed audit tasks and financial review and prepared financial reports according to the HKFRS.  
 
  Performed GAAP adjustments between HKFRS and CHINA GAAP. 

 
Expected salary: HK$43,000 – HK$45,000 (Negotiable) 
Availability: 7 days notice 

Reason for leaving: Received promotional offer   
 

Page 2 of 2 

