MY PROFILE 

BOTHINI NAVANEETHAN 

Block 171, #03-05, Upper East Coast Road, 455273 Singapore. 
Contact no.: +65 9036 0423; Nationality: Malaysian/Singapore PR 

Email: bothini_n@hotmail.com 

Linkedin: https://sg.linkedin.com/in/bothini-navaneethan-8a849926 

 OBJECTIVE 
To obtain further experience in leadership and management skills and continuously challenge 
myself in a fast growing technical environment 

 

WORK EXPERIENCE 2 

StateStreet, Singapore 
Date joined:  
Position:  

            2016 to present 
 

Alternative Investment Solution, Officer (REIT)

Roles and responsibility: 

➢ Manage and maintain day-to-day communications with the clients, other client person-

nel, investors, attorneys, auditors, bankers etc. 

➢ Engage in the thorough review and understanding of investment fund legal documents, 

including complete understanding of partnership allocations and distribution waterfall 

➢ Ensure monthly and quarterly client deliverables are meet 
➢ Perform variance analysis to explain significant movements from quarter to quarter. Re-
view quarterly and annual financial work papers including portfolio schedules, accruals, 
partner capital allocations, investment MTM valuation and allocation, and tax work paper 
packages. 

➢ During the course of normal day to day operation, responsible for identifying any unusual 

or potentially suspicious transaction activity and must report and/or escalate in accor-
dance with corporate policy and guidelines detailed in relevant operating procedures. 
➢ Review limited partnership agreements and offering memorandums and ensure compli-

ance with operational and accounting procedures 

➢ Coordination of annual audit and tax return preparation with external accounting firms 
➢ Undertake full review of calculation and verbiage on Limited Partner capital calls and dis-

tributions.  

➢ Undertake full review of accounting work paper packages, fees calculations, financial 

statements and other reports and communications to Limited Partners 

➢ Review quarterly management fee, MTM valuation computations, waterfall, capital ac-

count calculations. 

➢ Update the operational and accounting procedures for team reference and guidance 
➢ Integrate new business/client on boarding 
➢ Review periodic billing and debtors cycle and responsible for the issuance and collection 

of fees 

Specific achievements: 
i. Being a new hire in StateStreet, I successfully lead a whole new team to provide services to 
the largest client of the company with a portfolio of AUM worth USD3.5billion assisted by 5 di-
rect reports. 
ii. Involved in the creation and enhancement of processes and procedures specific to the client 
requirements 
iii. I was the key contact person for the client and third parties such as auditors, company secre-
tary, etc. 
iv. Involved in the discussion with higher management to identify the need for resources and the 
most effective resource utilisation 

WORK EXPERIENCE 1 

Ernst & Young LLP 
Date joined:  
Position:  

 
 

2009 to 2016 
Manager

Industries involved: 
Funds/asset management, investment entities, investment holding entities(consolidation), con-
struction and property development (real estate), food and beverage, statutory board (govern-
ments), accommodation rigs, education and retail 

Roles and responsibility: 

➢ Handle various auditing tasks and ad-hoc assignments which include planning and 

project managing the audit engagements. 

➢ Report writing for audit committee and management. 
➢ Lead multiple teams to perform statutory audit engagements of listed group of compa-
nies including coaching and guiding senior and junior staffs, reporting directly to a few 
partners at once. 

➢ Liaise closely with the clients/management of the companies under review to ensure the 
audit issues raised are discussed and solved, acting as a representative of the firm. This 
includes providing additional guidance to clients on a consultancy basis, when needed. 

➢ Ensuring the compliance of projects with international auditing standards and in-

ternational financial reporting standards such as US GAAP, IFRS, MFRS and SFRS. 
➢ Project managing more than 10 audit projects at one time (current portfolio value is S

$1.2 million, not inclusive of the Initial Public Offering exercise and Agreed Upon Proce-
dures performed). 

➢ Ensuring that the team and individual budgets are achieved and identified areas to im-

➢ Manage project financials, including budgets, WIPS, timely billing and collection and 

prove efficiency. 

variance recognition. 

Additional experiences: 

➢ Involvement in Initial Public Offering engagements. 
➢ Providing training and facilitating classroom training and activities to staff, seniors and 

fellow managers on new tool implementation and auditing programs. 

➢ Organising departmental events (i.e. Group trips, group social gatherings, team building 

➢ Involvement in Initial Public Offering engagement, in stage of preparation and review of 

events and internal trainings). 

the Accountants’ Report. 

SKILLS 
Technical skills:     Advance in MS Office, including Power Point, Word, Excel, Outlook, Oracle, 

Languages:  

      Proficient in written and spoken English and Malay 

Investran 

TERTIARY ACHIEVEMENTS AND PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATIONS 

Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) - 
Member
Degree in Applied Accounting from Oxford Brookes University 
- 1st Class Honour
Eligible for MIA/ISCA (Application submission pending) 

January 2014

September 2005  – April 
2008
2013/2014

  
REFERENCE 

 Mr. Philip Ng (Partner) 
Ernst & Young LLP, Singapore 
Contact no: +65 9842 6205 
Email address: philip.ng@sg.ey.com

Ms. Celyn Chan (Vice President) 
StateSteet, Singapore 
Email address: CChan6@statestreet.com

