LOW PEI NEE, PENNY 

 

214 PASIR RIS STREET 21 

#04-260, SINGAPORE 510214 

+6581999377 

p3nny_0726@hotmail.com 

 

AUDIT & ACCOUNT SENIOR 

#04-260 
SINGAPORE 

 

 

 
 
510214 
 
 
 
 
510214 
 

Proficient in external auditing with progressive experiences. Proven ability to complete 
assessment and always look to update and enhance the skillset in auditing.  

#04-260 
SINGAPORE 

Areas of expertise include: 

    collating, checking and analysing spreadsheet data 

 

examining company accounts and financial control systems 

  gauging levels of financial risk within organisations 

 

ensuring that assets are safeguarded and undertaking reviews of wages. 

  preparing reports, commentaries and financial statements 

 

liaising with managerial staff and presenting findings and recommendations 

 

P R O F E S S I O N A L   E X P E R I E N C E  

G.S.TAN & CO. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

         Singapore 

Audit & Account Associate 

                                              November 2015 - Present 

  Responsible for the execution of statutory audits in accordance with 

Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (“SFRS”) and Singapore Standards 
on Auditing (“SSAs”) on financial statements of private limited companies. 

  Drafting of error free financial statement and ensure disclosure in the 

financial statements are in compliance with approved accounting standards 
and Company’s Act. 

  Responsible for the execution of statutory audits in accordance with 

International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and International 
Standards on Auditing (“IAS”) on financial statements of private limited and 
public listed companies 

  Identification of internal control weaknesses and provide practical 

recommendations for improvements of internal controls and process 
efficiencies 

  Responsible in managing full set of book-keeping, GST reporting, 

computation of personal tax and company tax. 

ASUS GLOBAL PTE LTD 
Customer Service Executive 

 

         Singapore 
 
                                 November 2014 – October 2015  

 

 

 

  Account Receivables management includes keeping track of customer's 

payment records and issuance of weekly account receivable statement 

  Aggressively follow up, coordinate and closely monitor shipments from 

worldwide manufacturing sites to ensure all deliveries are smoothly made. 

  Prepare and process export shipping documents for letter of credit shipments 

and negotiate with banks. Monitor transactions and follow through until 
payment received. 

AMBER RESOURCES SDN BHD 
Part time Account Assistant 

  

                                             

               Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
         2010 - 2012  

 

  Preparing payment vouchers, issuance cheques and report to account 

manager. 

  AR/AP data entry and performing bank reconciliation. 

 

E D UC A TI O N  A N D  T E C HN I C A L   P R O F I C I E N C I E S  

Wealth Academy Investor (Fundamental & Technical Investment skills) 

Adam Khoo Learning Technologies Group, Singapore                                                  2016 

The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) 

 

In Progress: - 4 papers left upon completion 

 

 

 

                 Present 

Advanced Diploma in Business Studies (Accounting) 

  Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 

Tunku Abdul Rahman University College, School of Business Studies 

         2012 – 2014 

Diploma in Business Studies (Accounting) 

 

 

  Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 

Tunku Abdul Rahman University College, School of Business Studies 

        2010 – 2012 

Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook), MYOB, Sage UBS, Audit Express, Tax 

Technical Skills: 

Office, ThinkorSwim, Chartnexus 

Languages: 

English, Chinese, Bahasa Melayu, Cantonese 

 

A D DI TI O N A L  I N F O MA TI O N  

Willing to relocate 
 
Availability 
Current salary  
Expected salary 

: Yes 
: 2 months’ notice 
: SGD 2,500 
: SGD 3,000 

