CURRICULUM VITAE 

Ella Li (Si Yun) 

Personal Details 

Gender: Female
Date of Birth: 03 Oct 1981 
Mobile Phone: +65 8388 2335 
Email: liqiyinella@gmail.com

Home Address 

Block 221C 
Unit #13-92 
Bedok Central 
Singapore 463221 
 

 

University/College 
2002 - 2005 

 
 

 

Financial reporting 
Audit & Assurance 
Finance I & II 
Business & company Law 
Introduction to Marketing 
Grade: 

 
 
 

 

2001 - 2002 

2000 - 2001 

 

 

Secondary Education: 
1998 - 2000 
 

Mathematics 

Chinese 
Politics 

Education 

 
Dublin Business School, Aungier St, Dublin2, Ireland
Liverpool John Moores University (Awarding Body)
Bachelor of Arts in Accounting & Finance (Full-Time) 

Subjects: 

Management accounting
Taxation system 
Information system
Economics
Communications
2:2 (Second Class Honours) 
 

Rathmines Senior College, Town Hall, Rathmines,
Dublin 6, Ireland
Institute of Accounting Technicians in Ireland
 
Dublin Business School, Aungier street, Dublin 2, Ireland 
Business Foundation & English Language

Pei Jin High School, Shanghai, China

Subjects: 

 

 

 

English 
History 

Geography 

July 2013 - Present 

 

Work Experience 

 

UBS AG Fund Services Singapore
#18-00 Suntec Tower Five, 5 Temasek Boulevard,
Singapore 038985
Fund Accountant

 

 
 

Duties: 
 
•  Reconcile cash and positions for various types of portfolios, including Equities, Future and Options, fixed 

rate and floating rate Bonds, Repo, CFDs, and FX Forwards etc. 
Perform 3-Way reconciliations. (UBS portfolio vs IM portfolio and UBS portfolio vs Broker’s portfolio)  

• 
•  Calculate Net Asset Value for monthly, weekly and daily Funds. 
• 

Provide Registrar and Transfer Agent Services including performing Know Your Client check, processing 
subscription, redemption, switches and transfer requests etc. 

•  Work with on-boarding team to set up new Funds, prepare Workpaper and calculate the first NAV. 
•  Assist Investment Managers and Investors mainly from Hong Kong and mainland China with their requests 

and queries in both English and Mandarin. 
• 
Liaise with Brokers, advisors, auditors, custodians and payment banks. 
• 
Prepare year-end audits.  
• 
Process payments and transfers of fees, expenses and Margin Calls. 
•  Work with colleagues from other departments and offices globally. 
•  Help team members with their day-to-day work. 
•  Assist Group head in completing projects, system & SCO1 testing and other ad-hoc queries. 

June 2009 – July 2013 

 

 

Custom House Fund Services (Singapore) Limited
158 Cecil Street #11-01 The Spazio Singapore 69545
Senior Hedge Fund Accountant

Duties: 
 
•  Calculate Net Asset Value for monthly, weekly and daily funds. 
•  Reconcile cash and positions for various type of portfolios, including Equities, Future and Options, fixed rate 

• 

and floating rate Bonds, CFDs, and FX Forwards etc. 
Liaise with all parties to the fund, including investment managers, advisors, auditors, custodians and 
payment banks. 
• 
Prepare year-end audits.  
• 
Perform reconciliations of portfolios and cash. 
• 
Process payments and transfers of fees, expenses and Margin Calls. 
•  Work with colleagues from other departments and offices globally. 
•  Review work done by the fund accountants and senior fund accountants. 
•  Help fund accountants with their day-to-day work. 
•  Assist supervisor and team leader in completing projects, system/SCO1 testing and other ad-hoc queries. 

 

 

 

 

June 2007 – June 2009 

 
 

Custom House Fund Services (Dublin) Limited
25 Eden Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland
Hedge Fund Accountant

 

Duties 
 
  Calculation of Net Asset Value for monthly, weekly and daily funds. 
 

Liaise with all parties to the fund, including investment managers, advisors, auditors, custodians and 
payment banks. 
 
Preparation of year-end audits.  
 
Perform reconciliations of portfolios and cash. 
 
Process monthly/weekly/daily fee accruals. 
 
Process payments and transfers of fees, expenses and Margin Calls. 
  Work with colleagues from other departments and offices globally. 

 

Duties:  
 

 

 

 
 

November 2005- March 2007  MCM Accounting Services Ltd

(John McCann & Co. Chartered Accountants)
Suites 6&7, Block 6, Central Business Park, 
Clonminch Road, Tullamore, Co.Offaly, Ireland.
Trainee Accountant

  Deal with clients from different industries including: Construction, private contractors, manufacturing, 

retailing, pharmaceutical, Charity (Offaly Hospice), public premises, catering, private taxi and bus 
services. 

Perform supplier and bank reconciliations. 
Prepare payroll for clients. 

  Handle purchases and sales invoices,  
  Reconcile payments against cheque books and bank statements,  
 
 
  Assist supervisor in preparing financial statements for the clients. 
  Assist supervisor in preparing VAT return&P35. 
  All of the above are carried out using TAS books and Excel. 

 

Oct 2005 – Oct 2005 

 

 

Venn Group Recruitment Solutions
1st Floor, Greenside House, 45-47 Cuffe Street, Dublin 2 
Office administrator (Temporary)

 
General office duties including: Inputting clients’ and applicants’ information into the computer system, sorting 
the posts, photocopying and faxing. etc. 
 

 

 

 

 

 

Accountancy Software:  

 

Other Computer Skills: 

   

 

 

Computer Proficiency 

 

 

  Excellent knowledge of Paxus  
  Excellent knowledge of Geneva 
  Excellent knowledge of NTAS 
  Excellent knowledge of InstaRecon 
  Excellent knowledge of TAS Book 
  Good knowledge of SAG Quick Pay 

  Microsoft Excel 
  Microsoft Word 
 

References 

  References available upon request 

 

