Personal Details 
 

Name:   
Mobile: 
Email: 
Address: 

Qin Shuang, Vivien 
+852 56172482 
Vivien_qs@163.com 
Flat L, 1/F, Block 1, Carado Garden, Shatin 

 

 
 
 
 

 

 
Education Background       
 
Aug 2011- 
Sept 2013 
 
Apr. 2013 

The Chinese University of Hong Kong 
Master of Philosophy in Government and Public Administration 
 
Presenting thesis at 73rd annual meeting of Midwest Political Science Association, 
Chicago     
 
Peking University 
Bachelor’s degree in International Relations 
 
Faculty of Law, Niigata University, Japan 
Exchange Programme 
 

Sept, 2007- 
Aug, 2011 
 
Apr 2009- 
Mar 2010 
 
 
Publication: 
 
Co-authored with Jing Vivian Zhan. The art of political ambiguity: top–down intergovernmental information 
asymmetry in China. Journal of Chinese Governance. Vol. 1, 2017.   
http://www.tandfonline.com/eprint/8VQIRKAZMSREGuDheK8U/full  
 
 
Working Experience 

 

 

 

   

Sept 2014 
-present 

Gerson Lehrman Group (GLG)                                                              Central, Hong Kong 
Associate (Full-time) 
Nature: World's leading platform for professional learning     
 
Duties:   

- Servicing public equity clients (sell-side, long-only funds and hedge funds) and   
- Grow the GLG Councils by recruiting key opinion leaders on a strategic/tactical mode, 

using recruiting campaigns, leveraging industry and professional lists, trade and business 
associations, referrals and other relationships; 

- Interview prospective industry leaders as needed and capture critical data in GLG's 

extensive profile management systems; 

- Quickly and efficiently identify and establish consulting relationships with professionals 

and experts best suited to participate in our highest priority client inquiries through 
telephone marketing and email. 

- Act proactively along clients’ compliance protocols and GLG’s compliance framework to 
help experts and clients manage potential conflicts and steer clear of compliance risks.   
- Interact with Hong Kong sell-side /mutual funds clients: fulfilling time-sensitive research 
requests and leveraging GLG’s platform and network to match industrial leaders with 
clients with accuracy, insight and urgency. 

- Work closely with Business Development team to deepen existing client relationships, 

grow revenue through expansion of existing business and pursuit of new business. 

- Program live event content (roundtables, large track conferences, and private visits, etc.) for 
Asia as well as more broadly distributed virtual event content with top industrial experts 
(key executives, entrepreneurs, etc.) to help clients identify new investment 
opportunities. 

Mar 2014- 
Sept 2014 

 
Monsoon Hong Kong Limited                                                                Central, Hong Kong 
Marketing Executive (Full-time) 

 

 

 

 
 

 
Jan 2011 –   
Apr 2011 

Nature: One-stop marketing and PR solutions provider 
Market: Hong Kong, Taiwan, Mainland China, Singapore, Australia, USA (LA and SF) 
 
Duties:       

- Play a vital role in whole business process: market research, branding, PR event planning, 

press conference organization, TV programme shooting, website design, etc.; 
- Accomplishing all ad-hoc tasks as personal assistant to the Managing Director; 
- Daily work including client request identifying, conducting market research, website 

design, liaison with local PR partners in Taiwan, Shenzhen, Singapore and Hong Kong, 
promotional event planning and organization, copywriting, drafting/translation of legal 
documents, TV programming, etc.   

Market: Hong Kong, Taiwan, Mainland China, Singapore, Australia, USA (LA and SF) 
Reference: Ms. WU MeiLing, Managing Director of Monsoon HK 
 
 
United Nations Developmental Program, Tumen Secretariat                Beijing   
Intern 
Nature:  Non-profit Intergovernmental Organizations aiming at development and integration of East 

Asian counties 
   

Market  China, Japan, South Korea, Mongolia and Russia 
-  Assisting actively in research of several projects     
Duties: 
-  Provide full secretarial and administrative support to Office Manager 
-  Assisting the organization of the annual National Coordinators' Meeting in early April. 
-  Daily email communication 
-  Liaise with UNDP headquarter, member countries and local strategic partners like 

chamber of commerce, etc. 

-  Assist in ad hoc assignments 
 

Reference:    Mr. ZHU Shu, the then Director of Tumen Secretariat, UNDP 
  
Niigata News Agency                                                                  Niigata, Japan 
Summer intern (Journalist)                             
Nature:  News Agency (top 10 local news agency in Japan) 
Market 
Duties:  News topic brainstorming, identifying subjects, interviews, and news reports 

Japan 

writing and editing. 

 

 
Guangming News Agency                                                                  Beijing 
Intern (Journalist)                             
Nature: 
Duties: 

One of China’s largest newspapers and SOE education group   
News topic brainstorming, identifying subjects, conducting interviews, and 
news reports writing and editing.   
 

Reference  Mr. GUO FuGeng, Director of Education Division, Guangming News 

 

Agency 

Jun2009– 
Jul  2009 

Jun2009– 
Aug2009 

 
Dec2008– 
Jul  2011 

 
Center for Chinese and Global Affairs                                                Beijing                                                             
Coordinator/Editor 
Nature: 
Market 
Duties: 

Non-profit Academic Institution (Peking University) 
China 
-    Organizing and writing reviews of a weekly academic salon, participated 
by distinguished young scholars spanning various academic backgrounds 
from various research institutions. 
-    Assisting the organization of annual academic conferences, like "The 
Chinese Model", etc. 
-    Managing the website of CCGA on a daily basis. 
 

 

 

 

English / Mandarin / Japanese / Cantonese 

 
MS Office, Stata, SPSS, EditPro, etc. 

Language 
Proficiency:                 
 
Computer 
Skills: 
 
Availability:  Mid-Jun 2017   
 

 

 

